[Music]
abracadabra 15 easy magic tricks anyone
can do it's probably safe to assume that
executing an awesome magic trick
requires a huge amount of preparation
practice and skill while that's true for
a lot of illusionary feats
there are tons out there that are a
piece of cake to pull off yet just as
impressive whether it's bending a
paperclip with your mind or making
pencils levitate you'll easily entertain
a crowd with these super simple magic
tricks now watch carefully not
everything is as it seems
oh yeah and be on the lookout for three
lightbulbs hidden among the tricks be
the first to find them all and we'll
mention you in one of our next videos so
be attentive now you see them now you
don't anyway bending a spoon how about
if we kick it old-school with this
classic you're about to learn how to
bend a spoon and they get it back into
its original shape in a matter of
seconds here we go
the trick here is that you don't
actually bend the spoon that's because
there is no spoon just kidding there
actually is a spoon but if you got that
reference comment down below anyway you
just have to pretend that you're bending
it cut the handle of the spoon in your
hands but let the head of the spoon
remain visible tilt your hands forward
while letting the handle of the spoon
secretly slide down your palm to make it
look more believable use a silver coin
to imitate the end of the handle
sticking out of your cupped hands just
hide it in your fist till the right
moment in the end it'll look like the
spoon is actually bending right in front
of your audience's eyes
then use your acting skills again and
pretend you're working hard to unbend
this bone tada
cool huh turning water into ice how can
you turn water into ice without using a
freezer
well you can't no no no it's easy peasy
lemon squeezy as long as you have a
glass and a paper cup water pours out of
the glass and comes back from the paper
cup as ice well the secret weapon of
this magic trick is a sponge you put it
in the paper cup along with some ice
cubes and it has to be a paper or
plastic cup not a clear one like the
glass your audience obviously shouldn't
see that sponge sitting at the bottom of
the cup then your ruse will be exposed
and you don't want to expose your ruse
to just anyone the sponge will absorb
all the water so once you turn over the
cup only the ice will come out boom
you're now a wizard the signed card I'm
sure you've seen this one in movies or
from street magicians you asked someone
to pick a card and sign it then you
throw all the cards into a plastic bag
with your amazing mind powers you reach
into the bag and pull out that very card
and the bag of course is perfectly
normal and intact no funny business here
sounds like some serious magic doesn't
it well let's see how you can do it this
one is actually pretty easy when you ask
someone to take and sign a card cut the
pack of cards leaving a break now
distract the audience by asking them
something like would you tell me what
the card is naturally they won't because
there's no magic in that but the
distraction will give you a chance to
separate the card from the deck then let
the person who picked the card hold the
bag in front of you lick the back of the
car that you've removed from the deck
and stick it to the plastic bag
when it's time to take it out just
remove the card vanishing crayons
this one requires a bit of preparation
but it's totally worth it
I mean who doesn't love disappearing
tricks start by showing your audience
that you have a perfectly full box of
crayons and tell them in your best
magician voice that they're all about to
vanish you wave your hand over the box
and voila it's empty
with your amazing sorcery you turn the
box upside down and the crayons are all
back all of the minds in the room have
officially been blown so how do you do
it well it takes an 8 pack of crayons
and some tape or glue cut the crayons in
half and set aside the buts yeah let me
set aside my butt here anyway you won't
need them for this trick tape or glue
the top portions together in a line
while you're showing the box to your
audience be sure to squeeze it with your
fingers to hold the crayons up so that
the tops are visible and the box looks
full the second you let go of the
crayons they'll fall to the bottom and
the box will look empty when you flip it
upside down squeeze it again and the
crayons will magically appear at the top
telekinesis or tell another kin of yours
I don't care maybe your brother
haha hey you've got the power the power
to bend paper clips with your mind yes
just like that
do you want to know the secret then
listen up
a regular paperclip will do just fine
straighten it out and hold it in front
of you so that the audience can see it
just at the right angle imitate some
psychic stuff going on hey you can even
touch your temple with your other hand
and make some grunting noises you got to
sell this to your audience all right
then just rotate the clip slightly
between your fingers and the crowd will
be positive you're actually bending it
with your mind levitating pencil an
otherwise power track and this time
you'll make a pencil move up and down in
a bottle by controlling it with your
magical psychic powers we're just a
little illusionary skill the secret to
this trick is that you're actually
controlling it with a thread one end of
it is attached to the head of the pencil
well the other is tied to the button of
your shirt as you move the bottle toward
and away from you and of course after
shouting Wingardium Leviosa
the pencil starts levitating speaking of
Harry Potter have I told you that my
Patronus is bacon it's true the
disappearing coin I bet I can make any
coin disappear right through the table
and I bet I'll win this bet
are you a gambler well how about we put
our money where our mouth is check it
out place the coin on the table or some
other flat surface and cover it with
your hand of course you can really
captivate your audience by pretending to
be super concentrated because you know
it's not easy to put a hole through the
table as you quickly grab the coin off
the table to get ready to magically send
it through the surface you actually just
slide it right off the edge toward you
so when you slam the coin through the
table there actually isn't even a coin
in your hand but a coin has fallen on
the ground your audience will assume it
went right through but it's best if you
do this trick in a noisy room or one
with carpeted floors this way no one
will
year when the coin hits the ground stab
a potato with a straw now this trick is
another one that's great for making a
bet I bet I can stab a potato with just
a plain old drinking straw hmm how you
won't believe me when I say it's
possible and you'll lose the bet it
turns out that it's a super easy trick
you just cover one end of the plastic
straw with your finger to stop the air
from escaping because it stays there the
straw becomes unbendable there you go
you wanna bet hopefully a hundred bucks
by stabbing a potato with a drinking
straw all thanks to the help of physics
Apple surgery I really wanted to give
you this Apple but it looks so good I
just couldn't help myself
and took a bite but don't worry I can
heal it by rubbing it for just a few
seconds are you surprised
well you can also be an apple surgeon
you'll just need another Apple to take a
sliver off with no peel when you stick
it to your other Apple it will look like
you just treated yourself to a big
healthy bite out of it pretend to be
chewing to make it all the more real now
turn the Apple around and as you rub it
just remove the patch changing
directions you can challenge your
audience with this trick give them a
glass and a piece of paper with an arrow
drawn on it now ask them to change the
arrows direction using the glass they'll
probably look through the glass at
different angles but it won't work all
you have to do is fill the glass with
water and there you go the arrow is now
pointing in the opposite direction
once again yay physics
defying gravity where will the ring go
if we pull a rubber band through it and
hold it diagonally down of course
or will it here's a gravity defying
trick all you have to do is hold the
upper end of the rubber band at one end
and leave some left on the other end of
your palm when you stretch it it seems
like it's at its maximum length when in
fact it's not as you pull it upwards and
slowly release the lower end from your
palm it'll look like the ring is
destroying Newton's good name box of
chocolates life is like a box of
chocolates
and it looks like we've got an empty one
no way let's check it again we take off
the lid and it's now full and looking so
delicious magically appearing chocolate
mmm sign me up
well what you're going to need for this
trick is two identical boxes of
chocolate a full one and an empty one
you should take the full tray of
chocolates out of its box and hide it
under the lid put the lid on the edge of
the table so you can pick it up easily
when you put it on the top of the empty
box it'll magically fill it with
chocolates always on the right page this
trick involves a playing card and a book
I'll start flicking through the book and
throw a six in it well will you look at
that it landed exactly where Chapter six
of the book starts what in fact all you
need for this trick is an extra card
which looks exactly the same as your
show card it can be any number really
you just have to hide it in the book
beforehand and then find it there what a
coincidence
it's exactly on the right page
smash a cup through the table okay
Trix look cool but a failed trick looks
hilarious unfortunately we all love a
trainwreck take a ball or make one out
of a crumpled up piece of paper tell
everyone that it'll go right through the
table cover it with a plastic cup and
another piece of paper now smash it
whoops it looks like something went
wrong the ball is still there but the
cup went right through the table so is
it still a failure I mean something
disappeared just not the thing I told
you here's how you can do it cut a
square out of paper large enough to just
cover your cup when you wrap the cup in
the paper the sheet will form to the
shape of the cup as you lift the cup to
show the audience the ball is there
quickly drop the cup onto your lap whoa
you just smash the cup so hard it
magically disappeared
losing your finger this trick is as old
as time but it still gets the same
reaction as when it was first invented
it works especially well with kids and
other easily impressionable audiences
you've got five fingers and then whoosh
one of them just magically disappeared
now you'll have to live your life
without that precious finger man and
that one was your favorite yeah I'm just
playing with you it's still right where
it should be so how do you make it
temporarily vanish super easy all you
have to do is bend your index finger and
hide it behind your middle finger
practice makes perfect with this finger
losing track plus it'll make your
fingers more flexible if your crowd gets
a little too worked up about it
you can play nice and show them all your
fingers are still there after another
swoosh
would you like to see some more magic
tricks revealed then give this video a
thumbs up if it gets 50,000 likes we'll
share more cool illusions don't forget
to let us know in the comments if you
found all the lightbulbs subscribe to
our channel not to miss any of our
updates and remember life is better on
the bright side
[Music]